updated minikube docs (#2387)
layer5io/meshery: docs/pages/installation/minikube.md

### 2. Install Meshery

Follow the [installation steps](/installation/quick-start) to setup the mesheryctl CLI and install Meshery.

**Users using docker driver**: 

> 

Reviewer: nit remove extra line

Reviewer 2: @subhamkrai we will also want to change to "...after completing **the** Meshery installation, execute the following command to..."

Use "cluster", not "server" to refer to Kubernetes. Capitalize M in Meshery.

> After completing meshery installation steps execute below command to establish connectivity between Meshery and Kubernetes server :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After completing meshery installation steps execute below command to establish connectivity between Meshery and Kubernetes server:
```

Reviewer 2: Nice. We'll want to capitalize "Meshery" and refer to the "Kubernetes cluster"

> After completing meshery installation steps execute below command to establish connectivity between Meshery and Kubernetes server :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After completing the Meshery installation steps execute below command to establish connectivity between Meshery and Kubernetes cluster:
```
@leecalcote right?

Reviewer 2: Almost, but not quite, no. The prepositional phrase "execute below command" is grammatically incorrect. There are number of other ways to phrase this, here's the suggestion that I made above: "...after completing the Meshery installation, execute the following command to..."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After completing the Meshery installation, execute the following command to establish connectivity between Meshery and Kubernetes cluster:
```

 <pre class="codeblock-pre"><div class="codeblock">
 <div class="clipboardjs">
 docker network connect bridge meshery_meshery_1
 </div></div>
 </pre>

To establish connectivity between a particular Meshery Adapter and Kubernetes server, use *"docker ps"* to identify the name of the desired container, and execute the following command:

<pre class="codeblock-pre"><div class="codeblock">
 <div class="clipboardjs">
 docker network connect bridge <container name of the desired adapter>
 </div></div>
 </pre>

> 

Reviewer: ```cosole
docker network connect bridge <container name of the desired adapter>
```
@leecalcote how about this format? looks more compact to me

Reviewer 2: Oh, the html tags are included so that convenient "copy to clipboard" button is shown to the user and that they can copy and paste with ease. Is that what you're referring to?

Reviewer: Yeah, Thanks for explaining :+1:
